How do I interpret user needs and implement them into a program? How does creating “user stories” help with this?
•The user stories are almost always gathered using a demographic that could be considered likely potential users of the program being created. This means that they will have the best insight on what users are looking for in the program, as they are the general blueprint for who the project is aiming to please in the first place. The product owner gathers information from these potential users and gets their opinions on what they would like to see in the project, and uses this feedback to create user stories that detail the expectations of the users as well as the expected functionality of the program when adhering to these requests. The team takes these templates and adheres to the expected cause and effect program functionality of implementing these system actions along with user interface responses. The developers and testers make sure that when users interact with the program it has the desired appropriate response, adhering to the guidelines laid out in the user stories.

How do I approach developing programs? What Agile processes do I hope to incorporate into my future development work?
•The agile model seems to be the new standard method for software companies to develop programs, and the scrum based approach is one of the more popular and effective ways of implementing the agile method. The scrum based method compliments the agile model by actively encouraging communication and coordination between the different groups through requiring team update meetings every day in the form of scrum standup meetings, team progress measurements in the form of sprints, and project reflection in the form of sprint review and retrospectives. All of the different methodologies that the scrum approach to agile provides allow the more flexible model to be used to its full potential.

What does it mean to be a good team member in software development?
•Being a good team member means being willing to communicate and be open to opinions and critique. Software development is becoming more of a collaborative effort as opposed to the time when each member would have their own separate piece of code to work on individually, so in the modern climate being able to coordinate effectively with others is a necessary trait to have. On top of this it is important for each developer to properly document their progress laying out the thought process that led them to create what they did as well detail of of the specific components of their code and how it all fits together. It is important not to leave team members in the dark and force them to guess or try to reverse engineer your code, so proper documentation is key to keeping the team dynamic healthy and cohesive.
